{'_roleIsPerson': False, '_roleClass': <class 'imdb.Character.Character'>, 'movieID': '3896198', 'infoset2keys': {'trivia': ['trivia']}, 'current_info': ['trivia'], 'keys_tomodify': {'crazy credits': None, 'plot': None, 'business': None, 'dvd': None, 'video review': None, 'alternate versions': None, 'soundtrack': None, 'quotes': None, 'supplements': None, 'news': None, 'goofs': None, 'trivia': None, 'faqs': None, 'laserdisc': None}, 'notes': u'', 'key2infoset': {'trivia': 'trivia'}, 'myTitle': u'', 'charactersRefs': {}, 'accessSystem': 'http', 'namesRefs': {}, 'myID': None, '_Container__role': None, 'titlesRefs': {}, 'data': {'trivia': [u"According to the Visual Effects Artists, Ego's planet comprises a trillion polygons, and is considered to be the biggest visual effect ever made.", u"Dave Bautista's Drax make-up took only ninety minutes to apply, down from four hours for the first film. However, he would have to sit in a sauna at the end of the day, to get the make-up off.", u'Prop Master Russell Bobbitt had difficulty finding the cassette decks used in the first film, and all of the Sony Walkman headphones they found were broken. Bobbitt contacted Sony to see if they had any available for filming, which they did not, so he eventually created six from scratch.', u"According to Chris Pratt, the film's script helped him come to terms with the death of his father and helped his son come to terms with his father's job.", u'In the Guardians of the Galaxy comics, Taserface is a warrior from the cybernetically enhanced race known as The Stark. The Stark are a race that found Iron Man technology that accidentally crashed on their homeworld, and as a result, worship Tony Stark, a.k.a Iron Man as their god.', u"James Gunn choreographed and served as the motion-capture model for Groot's dance during the opening credits sequence. It took the visual effects team nearly two years to complete the CG rendering of the scene for the final film.", u'As Groot only communicates with the phrase, "I am Groot", in different inflections, James Gunn created a "Groot Version" of the script for him and Vin Diesel, which contains each of Groot\'s lines in English.', u'Director James Gunn revealed that he and Producer Kevin Feige wanted David Bowie to appear in a cameo before his death on January 10, 2016.', u'Prop Master Russell Bobbitt created a 1:1 scale model of the ten-inch (twenty-five centimeter) Baby Groot for filming to use as a lighting reference, and sometimes puppeteered against the cast members during filming.', u'In the comics, Mantis is human, and acquired her skills by living with the Kree. James Gunn chose to make her an alien in the film, because he wanted Peter Quill to be the only one of the main characters to come from Earth.', u'According to James Gunn, the reason why Groot always freezes when Drax catches him dancing, is because he knows Drax disapproves of it. This is reinforced when Drax explains that he was attracted to his late wife, because she steadfastly did not dance.', u"Bradley Cooper recorded his lines for Rocket while wearing a motion-capture headpiece in the recording studio, to perfectly synchronize Rocket's voice and facial expressions. In the first film Cooper only supplied the voice.", u'Elizabeth Debicki was cast as Ayesha because of her six foot three inch (1.91 meters) height. During filming, she wore platform shoes to increase her height to six feet seven inches (2.01 meters).', u'In an interview for the film, Karen Gillan explained that Nebula "is a pretty angry woman, with some daddy issues and that, in the second movie, we\'re going to start to see how much pain her father actually caused her, and we\'re going to delve right into the relationship with her sister Gamora. I think we might even feel a tinge of sympathy towards her this time."', u'After many rumors, Karen Gillan reprised her role as Nebula without shaving her head.', u'The sensor that Peter Quill looks at when detecting the extra-dimensional creature, is a modified 1977 Mattel handheld "Electronic Football" game. Selling over one million units, this was one of the hottest items of Christmas 1977. The beep at the beginning was the "touchdown" sound, the other beeps were the sound of ball moving down the field.', u'In the Marvel Cinematic Universe timeline, the film takes place in 2014, three months after Guardians of the Galaxy (2014). It takes place a year after Thor: The Dark World (2013), before or after Captain America: The Winter Soldier (2014), and a year before Avengers: Age of Ultron (2015). Ego arrived on Earth and began his relationship with Meredith Quill in 1980, which took place thirty-eight years after Captain America: The First Avenger (2011), and thirty-two years before The Avengers (2012).', u'The idea of self-contained minds spontaneously appearing into existence is called "Boltzmann brains." This is a metaphysical conundrum raised by quantum mechanics, and concludes that in a universe that exists forever, you are more likely to be a "Bolzmann brain" hallucinating reality than a real being.', u'According to James Gunn, Kurt Russell was de-aged for the film\'s opening flashback (set in the 1980s) by visual effects company Lola VFX, in what was a "long, painstaking process that took many, many months to accomplish." He continued, "I know Lola did Michael Douglas, and I think they did Tony Stark and Steve Rogers as well. They\'re the best at what they do, and keep getting better."', u'The stinkbug that gets eaten in the film was actually made of chocolate and black honey.', u"Karen Gillan's make-up took two and a half hours to apply, down from five hours for the first film.", u"Vin Diesel recorded Groot's voice for sixteen foreign-language releases of the film, up from six in the first film.", u'Chris Pratt said that he found the workout regimen for his shirtless scene much easier compared to the first film, because he was already in great shape going into the film. For Guardians of the Galaxy (2014), Pratt was sixty pounds overweight when he started working out. For this film, however, he said he had maintained his buff physique acquired from the first film.', u'Gary Oldman, Viggo Mortensen, Christoph Waltz, Christopher Plummer, Max von Sydow, Alec Baldwin, Ron Perlman, Stephen Lang, Arnold Schwarzenegger, Bruce Willis, Robert De Niro, Michael Biehn, Mel Gibson and Liam Neeson were considered for the role of Ego.', u'This sequel was announced a week before the release of Guardians of the Galaxy (2014) at San Diego Comic-Con 2014.', u"The teaser poster is a parody of the cover for The Ramones' album Rocket to Russia.", u"Chris Pratt said that he thought Michael Rooker has the best shirtless scene in the film, because he said Rooker's shirtless scene is actually about showing vulnerability and developing Yondu's character, you learn something about him in the moment, but his own scene was just to show off his body, and did not really add anything to Peter Quill.", u"This is the first feature film shot with Red Digital Cinema's Weapon Dragon 8K digital camera. The camera uses a VistaVision sized digital sensor, based on the 35mm format developed in the 1950s that ran film horizontally rather than vertically for a larger negative.", u"James Gunn previously said that Stan Lee's cameo in this film is one of the four Lee cameos filmed in one day. In addition to this film, Gunn directed two other cameos, one being Doctor Strange (2016), and another one in which he did not specify.", u'In an interview, James Gunn said that most of the questions will be answered in this film that remained unanswered in the first.', u"Yondu's replacement, larger head-fin brings the character's look closer to his comic counterpart.", u'In September 2015, James Gunn said in a Facebook post that he wanted to use the Sneepers, an alien race that first appeared in Marvel Comics in 1964, as background characters in the film, but he was advised against it by Marvel\'s legal department because the name was too similar to "sn\xedpur", the Icelandic word for "clitoris". The Marvel legal department later cleared the use of Sneepers in the film, in part because of the entire media coverage Gunn\'s initial post received.', u"Laura Haddock (Meredith Quill, Peter Quill's mother) also appeared in Captain America: The First Avenger (2011) as a fan of Captain America.", u'James Gunn clearly stated that this sequel would not set up Avengers: Infinity War (2018).', u"Chris Sullivan's Taserface make-up took two and a half to three and a half hours to apply.", u'James Gunn went on record in an interview that he wants to give Nebula her own spin-off movie.', u'Matthew McConaughey was considered to play Ego, but passed on the role in favor of The Dark Tower (2017).', u'In the comics, Mantis is half-German and half-Vietnamese. She is portrayed in the film by Pom Klementieff, who has a South Korean mother and a French-Russian father.', u'To make the Ravagers\' belts, Prop Master Russell Bobbitt had his team cut the leather themselves, rather than buying existing belts, and then parts from different electronic devices such as radios and cell phones were glued together, to make each belt "a unique piece of art".', u"James Gunn brought in fractal artist Hal Tenny to help design Ego's planet form.", u"According to James Gunn, he wanted John C. Reilly to reprise his role as Nova Corpsman Dey, but couldn't due to scheduling conflicts.", u'James Gunn cast Michelle Yeoh in the film as a tribute to 1990s Hong Kong films, of which he is a fan.', u'Marvel Studios made a statement regarding the future of the "Guardians" franchise, which said Avengers: Infinity War (2018) will take place four years after this film, which in turn takes place in 2014, three months after Guardians of the Galaxy (2014).', u'Olivia Jackson, the stunt woman for Nebula on the first movie, suffered traumatic brain injury, and a left arm injury, which led to an amputation, as well as multiple fractures to the left side of her face, which required reconstructive surgery. These injuries occurred when she struck a misplaced camera crane while performing a motorcycle stunt during filming for Resident Evil: The Final Chapter (2016). Coincidentally, Nebula (in this movie and in Vol 1) has a prosthetic left arm and reconstructed left side of her face.', u'This film is part of Chapter Three of Phase Three in the Marvel Cinematic Universe.', u"The Sovereign designs were based on 1930's art deco and 1950's science fiction.", u"On March 23, 2016, Chris Pratt announced a fundraiser to help support the Lake Stevens' Boys and Girls Club from where he grew up. By donating, you would get a chance to visit Pratt, and eat lunch with him on the set of this film.", u"James Gunn said in a Instagram post in August 2017, that Farscape (1999) was one of his all time favorite scifi shows. So when he ran into the show's star, Ben Browder, a couple of years ago at the Saturn Awards, he asked him if he'd make a cameo. He thankfully agreed and can be seen as the Sovereign Admiral with Ayesha.", u'Benicio Del Toro, who portrayed the Collector in the first film, expressed interest in portraying the character again despite Marvel not contacting him about the sequel.', u'When the character of Ayesha was first introduced in the comics, she was just named "Her" (since she was created as a counterpart to the character Adam Warlock, originally named "Him"). She then took on the name "Kismet,"and then was renamed yet again as "Ayesha." In "Fantastic Four" #11 (by Chris Claremont, Salvador Larroca and Art Thibert) the Four ask her for her name, and she replies: "I have had many, but the most appropriate is Ayesha: She--who must be obeyed!" Both the name "Ayesha" and the sobriquet "She who must be obeyed" are references to the 1880s adventure novel She: A History of Adventure by H. Rider Haggard. The main character of the story was also a priestess named Ayesha (also referred to throughout as "She-who-must-be-obeyed"). The elaborate Art Deco-style costume and production design for this movie\'s Ayesha is also a nod to the most famous movie adaptation of Haggard\'s novel, She (1935).', u'This film was shipped to theaters under the pseudonym "Level Up".', u'Originally set for a July 2017 release, but was pushed up to a May fifth release.', u'The edible yarrow root was designed to resemble enlarged pollen grains, and was made of non-dairy white chocolate.', u'Glenn Close filmed scenes of Nova Prime Irani Rael, but they were cut out of the film for running time purposes.', u'The ironic thing about Gamora not enjoying dancing, is Zoe Saldana actually has a deep background in dancing, with Ballet being her first passion.', u"The film's subtitle is a nod to Star-Lord's Awesome Mixtape Vol. 1 tape from Guardians of the Galaxy (2014).", u"In the comics, Peter Quill's father is J'Son of Spartax, of the alien Spartoi Empire. In this film, it is Ego the Living Planet, a completely unrelated character. However, in the comics, Ego has had the ability to sire a sibling, Alter-Ego.", u'Kurt Russell has appeared in many Disney films over the past fifty-one years. This will be his first Disney film and superhero film since filming Sky High (2005).', u'Groot says "I am Groot" seventeen times throughout the entire film.', u'This film marks the fifth collaboration between James Gunn and Michael Rooker. The other four films were Slither (2006), Super (2010), Guardians of the Galaxy (2014), and The Belko Experiment (2016), which Gunn wrote.', u"The license plate on Ego's Ford Mustang Cobra is the same as on James Gunn's high school car.", u'James Gunn noted that many of the crew from the first film, such as Cinematographer Ben Davis and Production Designer Charles Wood, signed on to work on Doctor Strange (2016). However, due to a late change in production schedule to a November 2015 start, they were unable to work on this film.', u"The VFXperts used a clip of James Gunn dancing for reference during Baby Groot's opening dance sequence.", u'Cast members Kurt Russell and Sylvester Stallone previously worked together in Tango & Cash (1989).', u"This film takes place six months after the first, placing the events in 2014-2015. Stan Lee's cameo refers to him being a postman, a potential reference to his cameo in Captain America: Civil War (2016). The events in that film, however, take place in 2016. Alternatively, this may be a reference to his cameo in Fantastic Four (2005), where he played the Baxter Building's mailman, Willie Lumpkin.", u"This is Michael Rosenbaum's first foray as a Marvel Comics character. He previously played several live action and animated DC Comics characters, including Lex Luthor on the television series Smallville (2001), as well as Wally West/the Flash in several animated television shows and movies.", u'James Gunn, Sr. and Leota Gunn, parents of James Gunn and Sean Gunn (Kraglin), make cameo appearances in the film.', u"Vin Diesel was able to pull off Baby Groot's high pitched voice on his own. His performance required no digital alterations of any kind.", u'First Marvel Cinematic Universe sequel to use a number, rather than a subtitle (in this case, Vol. 2) since Iron Man 3 (2013). All other sequels since Iron Man 3 (2013) have used a subtitle, such as Thor: The Dark World (2013), Captain America: The Winter Soldier (2014), Avengers: Age of Ultron (2015), Captain America: Civil War (2016), Thor: Ragnarok (2017) and Avengers: Infinity War (2018). The only other sequel to use a number rather than a subtitle is Iron Man 2 (2010).', u'Although he is small, "Groot" is Dutch for "Big". So in essence he is saying "I am Big".', u'Jeff Goldblum has a brief cameo as the Grandmaster. Both he and Chris Pratt have appeared in different films from the Jurassic Park franchise. Golblum appeared in Jurassic Park (1993) and The Lost World: Jurassic Park (1997). Pratt starred in Jurassic World (2015). Pratt and Golblum star in Jurassic World: Fallen Kingdom (2018).', u'Vin Diesel and Kurt Russell previously appeared together in Furious 7 (2015) and The Fate of the Furious (2017).', u'Michael Rooker and Sylvester Stallone worked together in Cliffhanger (1993), a movie about a mountain climber rescue team set on a snow covered mountain, where their characters start out with a strained relationship. Coincidentally, in this movie when they meet each other, it is snowing, and they are also on bad terms with each other.', u'Michael Rosenbaum (Martinex) had auditioned to play Star-Lord in the first movie.', u'Three actors with ties to the Stargate franchise appear in this movie: Kurt Russell starred in Stargate - T\xe4htiportti (1994) as Colonel Jonathan "Jack" O\'Neil.Michael Rooker appeared in Stargate SG-1: Enemy Mine (2003) as Colonel Edwards.Ben Browder starred as Lieutenant Colonel Cameron Mitchell in seasons nine and ten of Stargate SG-1 (1997), as well as the films Stargate: The Ark of Truth (2008) and Stargate: Continuum (2008).', u'In the first scene the Guardians appear in, Peter is holding a device to track the octopus like creature which falls from the sky. That device is actually a 1977 Mattel football (I) electronic handheld game.', u"Kurt Russell and Michael Rooker's second film together. The first was Tombstone (1993).", u"This is Zoe Saldana's sixth science fiction film.", u'This film took place two months after Guardians of the Galaxy (2014).', u'It has been rumored Guardians of the Galaxy: Vol. 3 (2020) will be the last to feature Peter Quill, Gamora, Drax the Destroyer, Rocket Raccoon and Groot and that Guardians of the Galaxy: Vol. 4 will focus on the next generation of Guardians of the Galaxy.', u'Sylvester Stallone is the second actor from The Expendables (2010) to appear in the Marvel Cinematic Universe. Mickey Rourke was the first, starring in Iron Man 2 (2010).', u'Dave Bautista was a villain in the James Bond movie Spectre (2015). In this movie, he plays Drax, which was also the name of the main villain in the Bond movie Moonraker (1979).', u'This film was released the same year as other comic book movies such as Logan (2017), The LEGO Batman Movie (2017), Wonder Woman (2017), Spider-Man: Homecoming (2017), Justice League (2017) and Thor: Ragnarok (2017).', u"This is Sylvester Stallone's second comic-book movie, after Judge Dredd (1995).", u"One of the two back to back honorable mentions of David Hasselhoff's works. In this film his 'Knight Rider (1982-86)' series is mentioned as an influence to Star Lord as a child. The other film is 'Baywatch', released in the same month (May '17). Also he has cameos in both the films.", u"When James Gunn was writing the script for the movie, and proposed the idea of Ego the Living Planet being Star-Lord's father, Marvel had told him that they did not have the rights to Ego, whose rights were with 20th Century Fox, because of his ties to the Fantastic Four and Silver Surfer franchises. Since Gunn did not have any other characters in mind for Star-Lord's father, he had to ask Fox if he could use the character. Fortunately, Fox agreed to let Marvel have Ego, in return for Fox having more creative freedom regarding Negasonic Teenage Warhead's set of superpowers in Deadpool (2016).", u'Stan Lee\'s cameo has him discussing previous adventures that include his cameos in other Marvel films. According to Kevin Feige, this was a nod to the popular theory that Lee is a cosmic entity in Marvel: "Stan Lee clearly exists, you know, above and apart from the reality of all the films. So the notion that he could be sitting there on a cosmic pit stop during the jump gate sequence in \'Guardians\' was something very fun, it says, \'Wait a minute, he\'s this same character who\'s popped up in all these films?\'"', u'This film features five mid and post-credit scenes.', u'One of the end credit scenes shows the Sovereign creating a cocoon of sorts for a new being named "Adam." It is assumed that this refers to the character Adam Warlock.', u'The bald aliens with Stan Lee are The Watchers, a race of aliens who appeared frequently throughout Marvel comics in the 1960s, 1970s, and 1980s. Uatu is the Watcher assigned to observe Earth 616, the reality in which the regular Marvel Comics Universe takes place.', u"There was some fan speculation as to whether or not Baby Groot was a reborn version of the original and retained all of his original memories, as is the case in the comic books. James Gunn stated that Baby Groot does not have the original's memories, and is a different creature, meaning the original Groot did actually die in the first film.", u'Seth Green makes a cameo as Howard The Duck once again. Unlike his previous cameo, however, this one is not a post-credits scene.', u'James Gunn wanted to feature cosmic entity and Guardian member Adam Warlock in the film, but decided to keep him for Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 3, as he felt this film already had too many characters.', u'Michael Rooker always reads the ending of his scripts first, so he found out at once Yondu\'s death in the film: "I was like \'What?! (picks up phone) James Gunn!\'"', u"Gregg Henry who played Peter's grandfather in the first movie, is the old man behind the wheel of the minivan that just escapes destruction by Ego's plants.", u"At Yondu's funeral, are his old friends and fellow Ravagers, which were Charlie-27, Starhawk, Martinex, and Aleta. In the Marvel comics, all four and Yondu were former members of the Guardians of the Galaxy. Also appearing were Krugarr, an alien sorcerer, who, in the comics, was from another timeline, and was the disciple of Doctor Strange, and Mainframe, an alien female robot, who, in the comics, was a male and an android related to the Vision.", u'James Gunn described making Ego, Star-Lord\'s father, as a continuation of exploring the personal side of the Guardians, "If a raccoon could talk and shoot a machine gun, how could that be? Answering that question ended up being the entire foundation of the first film. There\'s a sadness in these characters. Rocket was an animal experimented upon and torn apart. Groot has far more in common with Frankenstein\'s monster than with Bugs Bunny. Ego is an even more ridiculous character. But if a planet was alive, how could that be? And how could it father a child? Nova Prime said about Peter\'s father in the first film that he is something ancient and unknown, and being a cosmic being, alone for eons, is even more lonely than being the universe\'s sole talking raccoon."', u'The characters seen listening to Stan Lee are an ancient space race called The Watchers. The camera pans to one of them, who may be Uatu, a Watcher who first appeared in the Fantastic Four comics. In the original Marvel Comics, Uatu lives on the Blue Area of the Moon, watching all events concerning planet Earth, as well as other parts of the universe, and it is possible to visit him to ask information.', u"During the end credits, Jeff Goldblum can be seen dancing in his Grandmaster costume. This is a small nod to Thor: Ragnarok (2017). The trailer for Thor: Ragnarok (2017), featuring Goldblum's character, had been conveniently released just a few weeks before the premiere of this movie.", u'In the sequence where Rocket and Yondu are trying to get Baby Groot to retrieve Yondu\'s fin, one of the items he mistakenly steals is a cybernetic eye. This is the same eye that Rocket claimed that he "needed" in the first movie before embarking on the final battle.', u"Ego the Living Planet's original appearance in the Marvel Comics was an actual planet with a giant face; in this film he creates a humanoid avatar to interact with people. In the final battle, the planet starts to feature his face in a few scenes, homaging his comic look.", u"In Guardians of the Galaxy (2014), a cocoon is seen in the Collector's collection. Many speculated this cocoon contained Adam Warlock, who is a member of The Guardians in the comic. James Gunn has since stated the Collector's cocoon does not contain the character, as seen in this film when Adam is revealed in the post-credits sequence.", u'While traveling via multiple space hops, one of the planets the ship travels past appears to be the Kronan homeworld. This is home to Korg the rock creature, who will be appearing in the Planet Hulk storyline of Thor: Ragnarok (2017). Thor already fought and defeated a "Kronanite" in Thor: The Dark World (2013).', u'Some of the death decorations used on Yondu\'s body are U.S. military symbols, as follows: a set of U.S. Air Force/U.S. Army Captain\'s barsthe National Defense Service Medala U.S. Air Force Missileers pina U.S. Army Ribbon for Good Conducta U.S. Air Force Missile Maintenance badge, affectionately known as a "Pocket Rocket". It is worn exclusively on the pocket of Air Force Weapons Specialists who have worked with guided missiles and strategic intercontinental ballistic missile systems (fitting for someone who uses a mechanical arrow).', u"Ego the Living Planet in this film incorporates characteristics of J'son of Spartax (Peter Quill's father) and a Celestial (an ancient cosmic entity).", u"At the end of the first film as he's flying away, Yondu tells Kraglin he thought, upon meeting his dad, that he was a jackass. In this movie, that's exactly what Yondu yells at Ego just before smashing into him with his ship.", u'During one of the end credits scene, Quill objects when Teenage Groot calls him "boring". This is the first time that Peter is shown as being able to clearly understand Groot\'s words without help from Rocket.', u"Ego reveals that he placed a tumor in Meredith's brain, which resulted in her sickness and death. Symbolically, Ego dies the same way, as Groot places a bomb on his brain and activates it.", u"Mantis compares the idea of Ego's planet form having people settle on him, as like inviting fleas to live on your body. In Rocket Raccoon #6 published in 2014, Rocket takes a job exterminating giant fleas that have settled on Ego.", u'Ego identifies himself as a Celestial, in the original Marvel Comics, he is a Cosmic Entity. The Celestials are cosmic race of powerful beings created in 1976 by Jack Kirby, made of pure energy embodied in giant armors, and dedicated to the experimentation, creation, and development of sentient life across the universe. Eson the Searcher made a cameo in Guardians of the Galaxy (2014), appearing during a speech of The Collector (Benicio Del Toro) about Infinity Stones.', u'Despite the announcement that Nathan Fillion was cast in this film, he never appears in the theatrical version.', u"As the Ravager ships light up the sky with fireworks at Yondu's funeral, his burning ashes form a trail that eventually reshape into his trademark arrow trail.", u"The opening battle sequence resembles the first issue of the 2008 comic book, which featured the newly-formed Guardians battling a giant monster from another dimension. In that story, the Guardians were defending a cult called the Universal Church of Truth, which had ties to Adam Warlock. In the film, the Guardians are working for the Sovereign race, who are later revealed to be in possession of Adam Warlock's cocoon. Both the Sovereign and the Church become adversaries of the Guardians.", u"Michael Rooker fell asleep when filming Yondu's eulogy scene.", u"The car Ego is driving at the beginning of the film has the same colors as his son Star-Lord's Milano ship.", u"Yondu saves Star-Lord's life by putting a mask over his head in space, the same trick Star-Lord did with Gamora in the first film.", u'As of 2017, Nebula is the only one of the Guardians in this film to not be a Guardian in the comics.', u'Only the first half of Fleetwood Mac\'s "The Chain" is used in the movie, not the part used in the trailer.', u'The song in Yondu\'s funeral scene is "Father and Son" by Cat Stevens.', u"When Nebula says goodbye to Gamora and leaves as she sets out on her own to kill Thanos, Gamora tells Nebula that they don't know if Thanos can be killed. This hints at Nebula's possible fate in Avengers: Infinity War (2018).", u"Yondu's Mary Poppins quote was not scripted.", u"The film contains homages to Kurt Russell movies: When Ego trains Peter, he has him hold his hands together and make blue lightning. This is very similar to the beginning of Russell's adventure movie Big Trouble in Little China (1986).When Ego's body is regenerating, the last part of his body that forms is the area around his left eye. Russell (I)' had played the character Snake Plissken, a character who wore an eyepatch over his left eye.", u'The film takes place 4 years before Avengers: Infinity War (2018).', u"Kurt Russell and Vin Diesel co-starred in The Fate Of The Furious, which was released the same year as Vol.2. In Fate, Diesel's character double-crosses the team, whereas in Vol.2, it is Russell's character that turns on the Guardians.", u'Nebula (Karen Gillan) tries to overrun Gamora (Zoe Saldana) with a hijacked spaceship at the cave mouth. Later, Rocket (Bradley Cooper) overruns Ego (Kurt Russell) by crashing the spaceship on top of him, a repeat of him overrunning Ronan the Accuser (Lee Pace) in the first film. These gags are a homage to the helicopter hangar crash in Terminator 3: Rise of the Machines (2003) where the Terminator uses a flying aircraft and overruns the T-X.']}, 'modFunct': <function modClearRefs at 0x7f9d48042ed8>}